一、

恒达维™

恒达维™（Bexagliflozin）是最新一代SGLT2抑制剂，拥有1500+例，3.5年的长期心血管安全性数据支持，唯一经临床试验验证适用于肾小球滤过率（eGFR）30-45 mL/min的糖尿病合并慢性肾病3b期患者,该产品不仅填补了该高危人群的临床治疗空白，更具有延缓肾功能衰竭进展、降低心血管事件风险的“系统价值”，能够为医保基金节省长期的透析与大额住院支出，是一款兼具临床突破与经济价值的“节省型创新药”。

BRENZAVVY™
   BRENZAVVY™（Bexagliflozin） is the latest-generation SGLT2 inhibitor. Backed by long-term cardiovascular safety data from over 1,500 subjects across 3.5 years, it is the only agent clinically validated for patients with diabetes complicated by chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 3b with an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of 30–45 mL/min.
This product not only fills the clinical treatment gap for this high-risk population, but also delivers the systemic value of delaying the progression of renal failure and reducing the risk of cardiovascular events. It can help save long-term dialysis and high-cost hospitalization expenditures for medical insurance funds, positioning it as a cost-saving innovative drug that combines both clinical breakthroughs and economic value.

  
  可吸收人工骨粉
  
  中科硅骨可吸收人工骨粉是由松山湖材料实验室科研成果产业化孵化、并获国内首款三类医疗器械注册认证的硫酸钙人工骨。它以国家级科研平台为基石，凭借自主可控的晶型调控技术制备出纯度超99%的结晶半水硫酸钙，可单独使用也可根据临床需求与抗感染药物联用实现了骨愈合与降解同步,可在2-3个月降解吸收。同时最高可达50MPa的机械强度以及长达5周持续载药抗菌的突破性性能，不仅填补了国产空白，更为感染性及难愈性骨缺损提供了从结构修复到抗感染治疗的一体化创新解决方案。


  Artificial Absorbable Bone Powder

Artificial Absorbable Bone Powder is a calcium sulfate artificial bone industrialized and incubated from the scientific research achievements of Songshan Lake Materials Laboratory, and has obtained China’s first Class III medical device registration certificate for such products.
Based on a national-level scientific research platform, it adopts independently controllable crystal form regulation technology to produce crystalline calcium sulfate hemihydrate with a purity exceeding 99%. It can be used alone or in combination with anti-infective agents according to clinical needs, achieving synchronized bone healing and degradation, and can be completely degraded and absorbed within 2–3 months.
Meanwhile, its breakthrough performances—including a mechanical strength of up to 50 MPa and sustained drug-loading and antibacterial activity for up to 5 weeks—have not only filled the domestic gap, but also provided an integrated innovative solution covering structural repair to anti-infective therapy for infectious and refractory bone defects.


骨听骨导式助听器

太尔骨听骨导式助听器搭载革命性软髁突振子与髁突传声技术，凭借专利设计拓宽两大适应症，突破传统助听器使用边界，将适用人群从传导性耳聋扩展至市场主流的轻、中度神经性及混合性耳聋。产品贴合度好，防啸叫可覆盖 40-80 分贝听力损失，搭配双耳自动降噪 7dB、满档增益达 23dB，实现更广更精准的听力补偿；采用不入耳开放耳道佩戴设计，更舒适卫生，也能带来更安全的听力保护，受众更广。同时设备续航能力出众，待机长达 14 天，日常使用续航可达 7 天，是专为广大听损人群打造的新一代智慧听力解决方案。

Vlike®Hearing aid is equipped with a revolutionary soft condylar oscillator and condylar sound transmission technology. Relying on its patented design, it expands two major indications and breaks through the application boundaries of traditional hearing aids, extending the target population from conductive hearing loss to the mainstream mild-to-moderate sensorineural and mixed hearing loss in the market.
The product features excellent fit and anti-howling performance, covering a hearing loss range of 40–80 dB. Paired with 7 dB automatic binaural noise reduction and a full gain of up to 23 dB, it achieves broader and more precise hearing compensation. Adopting an open-ear, non-insertable wearing design, it is more comfortable and hygienic, while providing safer hearing protection for a wider audience.
Additionally, the device boasts outstanding battery life—up to 14 days in standby mode and 7 days for daily use. It is a new-generation intelligent hearing solution tailored for people with hearing impairment.


科妍教授汉麻纤维卫生巾

科妍教授汉麻纤维卫生巾采用天然汉麻纤维材料及自然抑菌因子，凭借天然三维抑菌技术实现破盾、阻断细菌繁殖、植物抑菌的全方位防护，天然汉麻成分不仅能有效抑菌防臭，贴心守护敏感肌健康，还具备卓越的吸湿排汗特性，可时刻保持肌肤舒爽与透气。产品采用柔软亲肤面料，温和低刺激，适合长期安心使用，且原料环保，种植过程节水、产品易降解，践行可持续绿色理念，同时结合汉麻天然抑菌优势与进口高分子吸收技术，为使用者提供洁净安心的防护体验。

   Hempep Napkin

Hempep Napkin is made of natural hemp fiber and natural antibacterial factors. Leveraging natural 3D antibacterial technology, it delivers all-round protection by breaking down bacterial barriers, blocking bacterial reproduction and exerting plant-sourced antibacterial effects.
The natural hemp ingredient not only effectively inhibits bacteria and prevents odors to gently safeguard sensitive skin health, but also features outstanding moisture absorption and perspiration wicking properties, keeping the skin fresh and breathable at all times.
The product adopts a soft, skin-friendly surface layer that is mild and low-irritation, making it suitable for long-term safe use. Its raw materials are eco-friendly: hemp cultivation is water-efficient, and the product is readily biodegradable, upholding the concept of sustainable green development.
By integrating hemp’s natural antibacterial advantages with imported high-molecular absorption technology, it provides users with a clean, safe and reassuring protective experience.
